(I-M-G, I-M-G)
Image tag for my pics, now you can see
Jpeg, Gif, or PNG’s
(I-M-G, I-M-G)
Image tag for my pics, now you can see
Jpeg, Gif, or PNG’s
Yeah, we rocking H-T-M-L
With an image format for the web
I-M-G, I-M-G
Starts with the source of the picture to be
Source-attribute, something you have to do
Cuz if you don’t then they won’t see
Dot-JPEG’s or PNG’s
Compress formats make it easy to see (now)
(I-M-G, I-M-G)
Image tag for my pics, now you can see
Jpeg, Gif, or PNG’s
(I-M-G, I-M-G)
Image tag for my pics, now you can see
Jpeg, Gif, or PNG’s
Width and Height next attribute to cite.
An attribute for each enlarge the sight
Help out the browser, load it faster
For everybody to see
Alternative text for the vision impaired
A-L-T that’s the attribute right there
A-L-T those the words in the box
When they scroll on your image and the mouse points there
Got my image source, width, and Height
A-L-T text
Yes, I’m doing alright.
Got my image source, width, and Height
A-L-T text
Yes, I’m doing alright.
Self-closed, self-closed, self-closed, self-closed
(I-M-G, I-M-G)
Image tag for my pics, now you can see
Jpeg, Gif, or PNG’s
(I-M-G, I-M-G)
Image tag for my pics, now you can see
Jpeg, Gif, or PNG’s
(^-^) WebVtt by zzp.lol (^-^)